JuliAstro GSoC: implement NOVAS in Julia (#275)
OpenAstronomy/openastronomy.github.io: _projects/2021/novas/NOVAS.md

---
name: NOVAS

> desc: Implement a Julia version of the U.S. Naval Observatory Vector
> Astrometry Software (NOVAS) library and vectorize it to improve performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desc: Implement a Julia vectorized version of the NOVAS library
```

# add a short one line description of your project
requirements: 
# Student requirements:
 - Familiarity with the Julia programming language.
 - Familiarity with linear algebra/numerical methods.
 - Familiarity with astronomy/astrometry.
difficulty: medium
issues:
# Related issues (if any)  to this project.
mentors:
# First person in contact; mentors may change before project starts.
# GitHub handles
 - pebarrett
initiatives:
 - GSOC
tags:
# Different technologies needed
 - Julia
 - linear algebra
 - astronomy/astrometry
 - JPL ephemeris library
collaborating_projects:
# suborganisation(s) to which this project belongs.
 - juliaAstro
---

> This is an awesome project idea for suborg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement a Julia version of the U.S. Naval Observatory Vector Astrometry 
Software (NOVAS) library and vectorize it to improve performance.
```
